When we wanna change pages in Next.js,
we just use the link tag, right?
We've been doing that in the nav,
and we wanna link it.
You just use the link tag
and it does all the special source behind the scenes
and makes it nice and fast
and pre loads
and all that good stuff.
And that is what is referred to as
a declarative programming, right?
You just declare what you want
and it will figure out
all the logic behind scenes.
Sometimes
in Next.js
you want to be,
do it imperatively.
Meaning that you want it,
you actually want to programmatically change the page.
And Next.js has APIs for that as well.
So if we go down here
we are
preventing default or console logging.
We can get rid of that console log,
then we're waiting for the product to be created,
we're clearing the form
and then we need to go to that products page, right?
Like we need to show them the product that they did.
And we can import the Next.js Router
and
do that for us.
So we basically in the go up here
and we'll import capital R router from next
forward/router.
And that will then allow us to go here
and say, router
dot push.
And we want to
pass out an object with the path name.
Is going to be able use back text here
forward slash product
forward slash
and we're gonna take the response.
So now we need it.
So we'll say cons response is equal to at
response
dot data
dot create
product
dot it.
Right, so we're gonna take the returned ID
and simply just go to that page
with the router.push.
There also is additional values
that you can pass along here.
You can check out the Next.js docs for that.
The one that I will sometimes need to use is
If you have query parameters like,
something like this,
like
ID is equal to one, two, three, four
you could do that.
But in our case is simply just a clean URL.
and the idea of the product
is actually gonna be part of the URL.
So I don't need to pass query parameters in this case.
So
what I really like about that
is we don't have to like start that little
Nprogress along the top,
because Nprogress listens for the router
to start changing.
So here we go,
browse,
upload,
add product
and then done.
And what it did is it changed the product
and then put the ID.
We have opposite are not showing anything yet
cause we have yet to build this specific page,
but that logic is finished.
See you in the next one.